Add docs workflow (#27)
alan-turing-institute/autosim: README.md

uv run pytest
```

## Building the documentation

Build the local documentation site with:

```bash
uv run jupyter-book build docs --all
```

> Preview the generated site by opening `docs/_build/html/index.html`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preview the generated site with `uv run python -m http.server -d docs/_build/html`.
```

usually better to run http server as it has nicer URLs / sometimes browsers will block local files from being executed

Author: Yep good point, that works well.
